Okay.
So now we're going to create this sign of form using the and designed to form component.
And if you have a look at the finished product, let's have a look.
So it's basically it's a British standard from the one you saw here as an example.
So when we are building this form, we will also learn how to use the rows and columns to create a responsive
layout.
All right,
so let's have it good in our code editor.
It's good to sign up in here.
First thing you want to import some components from and so that we have this grid system, right?
So we need to send to the content center to the form right in the middle of the page.
We want to have some space on both side.
So to create such layout, if you've got if you know how to use bootstrap, you may know you know the
columns.
Andrew So we're going to use the similar concept.
However, with and design it has the growing default column grid.
I say in bootstrap we usually have 12 column grid with and it has 24 column to it.
Let me quickly show you that.
It's quite important we'd.
And as you can see, it's taking full with you.
It's taking the focal hemisphere its entire role.
And then you have the columns.
You can see it's a colon will take the full width column, 12 and 12 altogether.
It becomes 24, 24 column.
So eight, eight through the 24 or you can use six for the 24.
So it's 24 column crude.
All right.
So we're going to use you can take out some examples of columns in rows.
And basically we use the rows into rows.
We have column depending on how many column you want everyone to fill with column.
Then you use this one, spend 24.
Now if you want half up, then you do span 12 and you have the two columns slender.
So you have three.
You have four.
This is the example.
All right.
So we're going to use the column in rows to create the grid.
Since coming to our base.
It's come here and it's input.
Column and rose row form and.
So once you had Mitt, let's replace this deep with through.
So we will have room.
INTERVIEWER We will have color.
All right.
So I want to center this phone in the middle of the base.
So, caller.
We have a column here.
Let me just provide a sign up, by the way, and then come through the typography as well.
So for general use, we can discontinue using heads.
One has to up to head six paragraph.
We can do that.
But I will show you later some time how to use the typography from the end design as well.
It's pretty cool.
All right, so we got this heading.
It's called 24.
So if you come have a look, you don't see any changes staying the full width.
Now let's try attending that.
So let's change that.
Do let's use eight columns times three, so column span eight and then offset offset eight.
So both side we would have offset eight in it.
So that 16 gone and in the middle we'll have eight.
So but altogether it would be 24 would say it at eight, that's 16 and in the centre eight total 20.
The food coming here.
You see, you notice that we have the column hit on the right, so left and another on the right and
then you have the content in the middle?
I guess so.
That's good.
We've got the layout now.
So we got a sign up.
Maybe we want to have some padding on top.
Yeah, let's have some.
Style padding top.
Let's say hundred things.
We want to have fun here.
For that, we're going to use the end designs from example in the scoop back again from.